Update docs for checksums (#735)
Shopify/themekit: docs/commands/index.md

Deploy can be used without any filenames and it will replace the whole theme. If
some filenames are provided to replace then only those files will be replaced.

> If a file is unchanged from the remote version, it will be skipped to save time.
> The is done by calculating a checksum for each asset for comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theme Kit calculates a checksum for each file, and only updates assets if you've made changes to them locally.
```
Switching to active voice and trimming for length a bit

theme download templates/404.liquid templates/article.liquid
```

> As with `deploy`, unchanged files will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `deploy` command, Theme Kit will skip downloading any unchanged files.
```
Another active voice change
